Feat/update load trace file user flow (#520)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-cellularmonitor: Changelog.md

  sending AT commands.
- Allow enabling dashboard refresh when tracing in Wireshark.

### Changed

> - Unified loading trace files into a single action button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unified **Load trace file** and **Open trace file in Wireshark** into a single **Load trace file** button.
```
